# Thor - Myths and Legends

**Category**: Mythology

## Research Sources

### Source 1: Thor - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thor
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Germanic god associated with thunder This article is about the Norse god. For the Marvel Comics superhero, see Thor (Marvel Comics) . For the 2011 Marvel Cinematic Universe film, see Thor (film) . For other uses, see Thor (disambiguation) . Some of this article's listed sources may not be reliable . Please help improve this article by looking for better, more reliable sources. Unreliable citations may be challenged and removed. ( August 2025 ) ( Learn how and when to remove this message ) Thor's Fight with the Giants ( Tors strid med jättarna ) by Mårten Eskil Winge (1872). Thor (from Old Norse : Þórr ) is a prominent god in Germanic paganism . In Norse mythology , he is a hammer-wielding god associated with thunder, storms, strength, protection, fertility, farmers, and free people. [ 1 ] [ 2 ] Besides Old Norse Þórr , the deity occurs in Old English as Thunor , in Old Frisian as Thuner , in Old Saxon as Thunar , and in Old High German as Donar , all ultimately stemming from the Proto-Germanic theonym * Þun(a)raz , meaning 'Thunder'. Thor is a prominently mentioned god throughout the recorded history of the Germanic peoples , from the Roman occupation of regions of Germania , to the Germanic expansions of the Migration Period , to his high popularity during the Viking Age , when, in the face of the process of the Christianization of Scandinavia , emblems of his hammer, Mjölnir , were worn and Norse pagan personal names containing the name of the god bear witness to his popularity. Narratives featuring Thor are most prominently attested in Old Norse, where Thor appears throughout Norse mythology . In stories recorded in medieval Iceland , Thor bears at least fifteen names , is the husband of the golden-haired goddess Sif and the lover of the jötunn Járnsaxa . With Sif , Thor fathered the goddess (and possible valkyrie ) Þrúðr ; with Járnsaxa , he fathered Magni ; with a mother whose name is not recorded, he fathered Móði , and he...

### Source 2: 8 Thor Myths and Stories from Norse Mythology - Myth Nerd
**URL**: https://mythnerd.com/thor-myths-and-stories/
**Type**: general

Within Norse mythology, Thor is easily one of the most fascinating characters. He features in the majority of the major myths. Unlike his brother Loki, Thor does very little scheming and a great deal of fighting. For this reason he is thought of as one of the major defenders of Asgard and the Aesir and Vanir gods. What follows are just some of the major myths in which Thor plays some role. Myths and Stories about Thor in Norse Mythology The Dwarven Gifts to the Gods One day Loki decided to cut off Thor’s wife’s hair. Sif was known for her beautiful golden hair. She was in such a state when she realized what Loki had done. Thor was completely enraged. Loki said he would make things right and would go see the dwarves. Off Loki went to see the dwarves and ask them to craft Sif new hair that would magically attach itself to her head. He went to the sons of Ivaldi and asked them to create Sif new hair. They asked what they would get out of it and Loki promised they would earn favor amongst the gods. The dwarfs didn’t trust Loki but they figured it was worth a shot at getting some favor with the gods. Once they had created Sif’s new hair, the forge was still hot. They decided to not waste it and instead crafted a ship called Skidbladnir and a spear called Gungnir. Loki took the items and promised to let them know what the gods thought of their gifts. While Loki was leaving the dwarfs, he had another idea. He went to two other dwarf brothers, Brokk and Eitri. He showed them the treasures he had just received and told them he doubted they could do any better and would even bet his head on it. The dwarves accepted the challenge. They created a golden-bristled boar called Gullinbursti, an armband made of gold called Draupnir, and finally, a hammer called Mjollnir. All the while, Loki had been tormenting them as a fly, stinging and landing on them which made their crafting process quite difficult. While his antics didn’t affect two of the treasures, it did end up causing Mjoll...

### Source 3: Thor - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thor
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Germanic god associated with thunder This article is about the Norse god. For the Marvel Comics superhero, see Thor (Marvel Comics) . For the 2011 Marvel Cinematic Universe film, see Thor (film) . For other uses, see Thor (disambiguation) . Some of this article's listed sources may not be reliable . Please help improve this article by looking for better, more reliable sources. Unreliable citations may be challenged and removed. ( August 2025 ) ( Learn how and when to remove this message ) Thor's Fight with the Giants ( Tors strid med jättarna ) by Mårten Eskil Winge (1872). Thor (from Old Norse : Þórr ) is a prominent god in Germanic paganism . In Norse mythology , he is a hammer-wielding god associated with thunder, storms, strength, protection, fertility, farmers, and free people. [ 1 ] [ 2 ] Besides Old Norse Þórr , the deity occurs in Old English as Thunor , in Old Frisian as Thuner , in Old Saxon as Thunar , and in Old High German as Donar , all ultimately stemming from the Proto-Germanic theonym * Þun(a)raz , meaning 'Thunder'. Thor is a prominently mentioned god throughout the recorded history of the Germanic peoples , from the Roman occupation of regions of Germania , to the Germanic expansions of the Migration Period , to his high popularity during the Viking Age , when, in the face of the process of the Christianization of Scandinavia , emblems of his hammer, Mjölnir , were worn and Norse pagan personal names containing the name of the god bear witness to his popularity. Narratives featuring Thor are most prominently attested in Old Norse, where Thor appears throughout Norse mythology . In stories recorded in medieval Iceland , Thor bears at least fifteen names , is the husband of the golden-haired goddess Sif and the lover of the jötunn Járnsaxa . With Sif , Thor fathered the goddess (and possible valkyrie ) Þrúðr ; with Járnsaxa , he fathered Magni ; with a mother whose name is not recorded, he fathered Móði , and he...

