# Sinbad - Adventures and Quests

**Category**: Adventure

## Research Sources

### Source 1: The Adventures of Sinbad - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Adventures_of_Sinbad
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Television series For the Indian film, see The Adventures of Sinbad (film) . The Adventures of Sinbad Intro card Genre Action /Adventure Fantasy Created by Ed Naha Based on Sinbad the Sailor from One Thousand and One Nights Developed by James L. Novack Starring Zen Gesner George Buza Tim Progosh Oris Erhuero Jacqueline Collen Mariah Shirley Julianne Morris Theme music composer Matthew McCauley [ 1 ] Country of origin Canada No. of seasons 2 No. of episodes 44 Production Executive producers Ed Naha David Gerber Running time 43-45 minutes Production companies All American Television Alliance Atlantis Canwest Original release Network Global Television Network Release September 28, 1996 ( 1996-09-28 ) – May 24, 1998 ( 1998-05-24 ) The Adventures of Sinbad is a Canadian action - adventure fantasy television series which aired from 1996 to 1998. It follows the story of the pilot of the same name. It revolves around the series' protagonist, Sinbad . The series is a re-telling of the adventures of Sinbad from The Arabian Nights . Created by Ed Naha , it was filmed in southern Ontario , Canada and in Cape Town , South Africa. The tone of the series resembled that of its contemporaries Hercules: The Legendary Journeys , Beastmaster and Xena: Warrior Princess . Description [ edit ] A sword and sorcery adventure set in a land of myth and magic in the Middle East, around the Persian Gulf . The series tells of the adventures of Sinbad and his brother as they gather a crew, and set sail in the ship, Nomad , from Baghdad in search of wealth and adventure. Along the way they face witches , wizards , strange tribes and fantastic creatures. Premise [ edit ] In the first few episodes: After two years at sea, Sinbad returns to his home, Baghdad. The city is very different from the Baghdad he remembers. It is now in the control of prince Casib and his grand vizier Admir . He lands himself in prison, where he is reacquainted with his older brother, Do...

### Source 2: The Adventures of Sinbad (TV Series 1996–1998) - IMDb
**URL**: https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0115086/
**Type**: general

Description: 1h | The Adventures of Sinbad: Created by Ed Naha. With Zen Gesner, George Buza, Tim Progosh, Oris Erhuero. Sinbad and crew navigate perilous seas, battle mythical creatures, sorcerers, and dangers. Through wit and courage, they surmount obstacles, triumphantly concluding thrilling voyages across seven seas, defying formidable forces. | Sinbad and crew navigate perilous seas, battle mythical creatures, sorcerers, and dangers. Through wit and courage, they surmount obstacles, triumphantly concluding thrilling voyages across seven seas, defying formidable forces. Episode guide Cast & crew User reviews Trivia FAQ IMDbPro All topics The Adventures of Sinbad TV Series 1996–1998 1h IMDb RATING 7.0 / 10 2.4K YOUR RATING Rate Play trailer 3:24 2 Videos 99+ Photos Fantasy Epic Sword & Sorcery Action Adventure Fantasy Sinbad and crew navigate perilous seas, battle mythical creatures, sorcerers, and dangers. Through wit and courage, they surmount obstacles, triumphantly concluding thrilling voyages across ... Read all Sinbad and crew navigate perilous seas, battle mythical creatures, sorcerers, and dangers. Through wit and courage, they surmount obstacles, triumphantly concluding thrilling voyages across seven seas, defying formidable forces. Sinbad and crew navigate perilous seas, battle mythical creatures, sorcerers, and dangers. Through wit and courage, they surmount obstacles, triumphantly concluding thrilling voyages across seven seas, defying formidable forces. Creator Ed Naha Stars Zen Gesner George Buza Tim Progosh See production info at IMDbPro IMDb RATING 7.0 / 10 2.4K YOUR RATING Rate Creator Ed Naha Stars Zen Gesner George Buza Tim Progosh Add to Watchlist Added by 3.6K users 25 User reviews See production info at IMDbPro Episodes 44 Browse episodes Top Top-rated 2 seasons See all 2 1 3 years See all 1998 1997 1996 Videos 2 Trailer 3:24 The Adventures of Sinbad Trailer 1:03 The Adventures of Sinbad Trailer 1:03 The Adventures of Sinbad Photos 395 Add p...

### Source 3: Pirate101 Sinbad Quest and Drop Guide - Final Bastion
**URL**: https://finalbastion.com/pirate101-guides/p101-boss-guides/pirate101-sinbad-quest-and-drop-guide/
**Type**: general

Description: The June 2021 update brought with it a quest where we rescue a "kidnapped" Sinbad in Pirate101. Check out this guide to the fights and drops! | The June 2021 update brought with it a quest where we rescue a &quot;kidnapped&quot; Sinbad in Pirate101. Check out this guide to the fights and drops to learn more about this long awaited update! Pirate101 Sinbad Quest and Drop Guide This morning, a new patch (surprisingly) dropped for both Wizard101 and Pirate101. This was the first significant patch for Pirate players in well over a year, and hopefully represents the game being taken in a new, better direction. The largest addition to this update was a new set of quests concerning the pirate, Sinbad . Yes, our friend Sinbad is in Pirate101! (There were also some miscellaneous updates) Think of it as a similar to the Wizard101 prequests that have been added before world updates. Interestingly enough, this quest is available for Free to Play pirates, so no need to subscribe to access this quest (although subs are always good 😉 ). Gandry tells us to look for a group of stranded pirates in Avery’s Court in Skull Island. They request our help, as we are the “second-best” pirate in the Spiral. Their captain, Sinbad, was kidnapped by Crushers, a gang of shark pirates. Why? Apparently there’s a belt that grants the wearer the title of “best Pirate in the spiral” and the Crushers stealing it should be some sort of outrage to us??? The rats don’t seem particularly intelligent. Being the kind-hearted, non-warmongering pirates we are, we agree to meet them in Devilfish Hollow to help. Crusher’s Shrine Fight #1: Poffo We enter the cave where Sinbad is supposedly hidden and are immediately confronted with a mob fight against a shark and some vultures. The fight is straightforward. The enemies have lots of epics, with the boss possessing first strike 3 and guaranteed crit Assassin’s Strike. However, he’s pretty non-threatening overall. Just treat it like a VA2 mob fight. En...

