# Snow White - Biography

**Category**: Children
**Archetype**: purity; danger; archetype: innocent

## Overview

Innocence confronting envy.

## Research Sources

### Source 1: Snow White (Disney character) - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snow_White_(Disney_character)
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs character Fictional character Snow White Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs character First appearance Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937) Created by Hamilton Luske (animator) Marc Davis (animator) Walt Disney Based on Snow White by the Brothers Grimm Voiced by Adriana Caselotti (1937 film) Thelma Boardman (1938 radio) Jane Powell (1945 radio) Ilene Woods (1949 audiobook) Dorothy Warenskjold (1953 radio) June Foray (1954 record album) Mary Kay Bergman (1989–1999) Carolyn Gardner (2000–2010) Susan Stevens Logan (studio singing voice) Melissa Disney (singing voice, 2000–2010) Katie Von Till (2011–2023) [ 1 ] Pamela Ribon ( Ralph Breaks the Internet ) [ 2 ] Natalie Babbitt Taylor ( Once Upon a Studio ) Portrayed by Ann Jillian ( The Mouse Factory ) Sandy Duncan ( Christmas in Disneyland ) Mary Jo Salerno ( Musical ) Stephanie Bennett ( Descendants ) Rachel Zegler ( 2025 live-action film ) In-universe information Full name Snow White Title Princess Occupation Scullery maid (former) Affiliation Disney Princess Family The King (father) The First Queen (mother) Queen Grimhilde (stepmother; deceased) Evie (stepsister in Descendants ) Spouse The Prince Children Emma Swan (daughter in Once Upon a Time ) Neal Nolan (son in Once Upon a Time ) Nationality German Snow White is a fictional character and a main character from Disney’s first animated feature film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937). Voiced by Adriana Caselotti , the character is derived from the 1812 fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm . Snow White is the first Disney Princess and the first fictional female character with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . [ 3 ] Given the title the "Fairest One of All", she has continued to inspire similar traits in future Disney heroines, such as singing and communicating with animals. After Caselotti, she has also been voiced by Thelma Boardman , Jane Powell , Ilene Woods , Dorothy Warenskjold , Ju...

### Source 2: Snow White Character Bio: Age, Appearance and Story
**URL**: https://www.disneyclips.com/characters/snow-white-bio.html
**Type**: general

Description: Once upon a time, there lived a lovely princess named Snow White... Learn all about the iconic Disney character and her story, complete with fun facts and pictures! Last updated March 1st 2025 Table of Contents Snow White is a kind and gentle young princess, the first-ever Disney Princess. She made her first appearance in the 1937 movieSnow White and the Seven Dwarfs, based on the story Schneewittchen by the Brothers Grimm, published in 1812 as part of their collection of fairy tales.She was inspired by actress Hedy Lamarr, voiced by actress and singer Adriana Caselotti and modelled after dancer and actress Marge Champion. Snow White is around 14 years old, with "hair as black as ebony, lips as red as the rose and skin as white as snow".She has a sweet, plump face with small lips, large brown eyes and thin, arched eyebrows. Her hair is short and curled in the style of 1930's Hollywood starlets, accented with a red headband with a bow.Her iconic dress, which she wears for the better part of the movie, features a blue bodice, puffed red and blue slashed sleeves, a flowing yellow skirt and a high white collar with a dark maroon cape. She also wears pale gold shoes with small bows. Snow White's father, a widowed king, remarried a woman practised in witchcraft. Following the king's death, this woman, known as Queen Grimhilde, the Evil Queen or simply the Queen, grew so fearful that Snow White's beauty would surpass her own that she forced the princess to work as a scullery maid.The Queen would consult the slave in her Magic Mirror day after day, asking it again and again "Magic Mirror on the wall, who is the fairest one of all?" At last, the Magic Mirror proclaimed young princess Snow White "the fairest one of all", sending the Queen into a jealous rage. In the movie, Snow White first appears in rags, scrubbing the steps in the castle courtyard. This leads to the movie's first song "I'm Wishing", which Snow White sings while drawing water from a well. The Pr...

### Source 3: Snow White - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snow_White
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia German fairy tale This article is about the fairy tale. For other uses, see Snow White (disambiguation) . Snow White The seven dwarfs carrying Snow White Folk tale Name Snow White Aarne–Thompson grouping 709 Country Germany " Snow White " is a German fairy tale , first written down in the early 19th century. The Brothers Grimm published it in 1812 in the first edition of their collection Grimms' Fairy Tales , numbered as Tale 53. The original title was Sneewittchen , which is a partial translation from Low German . The modern spelling is Schneewittchen . The Grimms completed their final revision of the story in 1854, which can be found in the 1857 version of Grimms' Fairy Tales . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] The story was first published in English in 1823 under the title "Snow-Drop", which was also used in other early translations. Occasionally, the title "Little Snow-white" was also used. The fairy tale features elements such as the magic mirror , the poisoned apple, the glass coffin, and the characters of the Evil Queen and the seven Dwarfs . The seven dwarfs were first given individual names in the 1912 Broadway play Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and then given different names in Walt Disney 's 1937 film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs . The Grimm story, which is commonly referred to as "Snow White", [ 3 ] should not be confused with the story of " Snow-White and Rose-Red " (in German " Schneeweißchen und Rosenrot "), another fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm. In the Aarne–Thompson folklore classification , tales of this kind are grouped together as type 709, Snow White. Others of this kind include " Bella Venezia ", " Myrsina ", " Nourie Hadig ", " Gold-Tree and Silver-Tree ", [ 4 ] " The Young Slave ", and " La petite Toute-Belle ". Plot The fable's antagonist the Evil Queen with the protagonist Snow White as depicted in The Sleeping Snow White by Hans Makart (1872) The following plot is that of the definitive 1857 edition of Gr...

