# Headless Horseman - Horror Lore

**Category**: Horror

## Research Sources

### Source 1: Headless Horseman - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Headless_Horseman
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Mythical figure For other uses, see Headless Horseman (disambiguation) . Cover page to Mayne Reid 's version of the legend that was published in 1865 The Headless Horseman is an archetype of mythical figure that has appeared in folklore around Europe since the Middle Ages . [ 1 ] The figures are traditionally depicted as riders on horseback who are missing their heads. These myths have since inspired a number of stories and characters in culture around the world, including " The Legend of Sleepy Hollow ". Description [ edit ] Depending on the legend, the Horseman is either carrying his head, or is missing his head altogether, and may be searching for it. Famous examples include the dullahan from Ireland , who is a demonic fairy usually depicted riding a horse and carrying his head under his arm, and " The Legend of Sleepy Hollow ," a short story written in 1820 by American writer Washington Irving , which has been adapted into several other works of literature and film including the 1949 Disney animated film The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad and the 1999 Tim Burton film Sleepy Hollow . In Irish folklore [ edit ] The dullahan or dulachán ("dark man") is a headless, demonic fairy, usually riding a horse and carrying his head under his arm. [ 2 ] Some versions of the story claim the dullahan is the spirit of Crom Dubh , a Celtic god worshipped in Ireland until the arrival of Christian missionaries in the 6th century. [ 3 ] He wields a whip made from a human corpse's spine. When the dullahan stops riding, a death occurs. The dullahan calls out a name, at which point the named person immediately dies. [ 3 ] In another version, he is the headless driver of a black carriage, the Cóiste Bodhar . [ 4 ] A similar figure, the gan ceann ("without a head"), can be frightened away by wearing a gold object or putting one in his path. [ 5 ] In Scottish folklore [ edit ] The most prominent Scottish tale of the headless horseman concerns a m...

### Source 2: Hearst Networks EMEA
**URL**: https://www.history.com/articles/legend-sleepy-hollow-headless-horseman
**Type**: general

Description: At Hearst Networks EMEA, our vision is to be famous for sharing stories that matter; unique, trusted, entertaining, and everywhere. | Welcome to Hearst Networks EMEA is global broadcaster who reach audiences in over 100 countries, including the UK, Nordics, Benelux, Central & Eastern Europe, Spain, Italy and Germany, Africa, and the Middle East. Welcome At Hearst Networks EMEA, we share stories that matter. A global broadcaster since 1995, we reach audiences in over 100 countries, including the UK, Nordics, Benelux, Central & Eastern Europe, Spain, Italy, Germany, Africa and the Middle East. Our stories are global and local, linear and digital, and always compelling. Our culture Personalities shine at Hearst Networks EMEA. Our culture embraces individuals, in all their daring, passionate, ambitious glory. Our people are our strength, and our differences are celebrated. We challenge each other, collaborate and come together, just as a family does; winning as a team and celebrating as one too. Everyone has a voice and should feel proud and free to run with their ideas, enjoying their successes and journey with us. And in such an evolving industry, tomorrow is always today. We anticipate change, identify future opportunities and are excited by the potential that tomorrow brings. Our culture Our purpose We want to be famous for creating and sharing stories that matter – unique, trusted, entertaining, everywhere. Whether our stories challenge and inspire intellectually or simply entertain, we know that we are making a positive contribution to our audiences across the many diverse regions and countries in the UK, Europe, The Middle East and Africa. Striving to always do so requires passion. And it’s with just as much passion that we strive to gain new audiences with our creativity and by using innovative technology, by partnering with leading and emerging local platforms. Our purpose Partnerships With our diverse line-up of original, high-quality programming,...

### Source 3: Headless Horseman - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Headless_Horseman
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Mythical figure For other uses, see Headless Horseman (disambiguation) . Cover page to Mayne Reid 's version of the legend that was published in 1865 The Headless Horseman is an archetype of mythical figure that has appeared in folklore around Europe since the Middle Ages . [ 1 ] The figures are traditionally depicted as riders on horseback who are missing their heads. These myths have since inspired a number of stories and characters in culture around the world, including " The Legend of Sleepy Hollow ". Description [ edit ] Depending on the legend, the Horseman is either carrying his head, or is missing his head altogether, and may be searching for it. Famous examples include the dullahan from Ireland , who is a demonic fairy usually depicted riding a horse and carrying his head under his arm, and " The Legend of Sleepy Hollow ," a short story written in 1820 by American writer Washington Irving , which has been adapted into several other works of literature and film including the 1949 Disney animated film The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad and the 1999 Tim Burton film Sleepy Hollow . In Irish folklore [ edit ] The dullahan or dulachán ("dark man") is a headless, demonic fairy, usually riding a horse and carrying his head under his arm. [ 2 ] Some versions of the story claim the dullahan is the spirit of Crom Dubh , a Celtic god worshipped in Ireland until the arrival of Christian missionaries in the 6th century. [ 3 ] He wields a whip made from a human corpse's spine. When the dullahan stops riding, a death occurs. The dullahan calls out a name, at which point the named person immediately dies. [ 3 ] In another version, he is the headless driver of a black carriage, the Cóiste Bodhar . [ 4 ] A similar figure, the gan ceann ("without a head"), can be frightened away by wearing a gold object or putting one in his path. [ 5 ] In Scottish folklore [ edit ] The most prominent Scottish tale of the headless horseman concerns a m...

