# Sandman - Horror Lore

**Category**: Horror

## Research Sources

### Source 1: Sandman - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandman
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Mythical character in European folklore who puts people to sleep "The Sandman" redirects here. For other uses, see Sandman (disambiguation) . The Sandman is a mythical character originating in Germanic and Scandinavian folklore . He visits children in the evening, sprinkles sleep-inducing sand into their eyes and brings dreams. In the morning, the sleep sand is rubbed from the corner of the eyes. Representation in traditional folklore [ edit ] The Sandman is a traditional character in many children's stories and books. In Scandinavian folklore , he is said to sprinkle sand or dust on or into the eyes of children at night to bring on sleep and dreams. [ 1 ] The grit or "sleep" ( rheum ) in one's eyes upon waking is the supposed result of the Sandman's work the previous night. Literature [ edit ] Vilhelm Pedersen representation for the fairy tale " Ole Lukøje " by Hans Christian Andersen Vilhelm Pedersen depiction of "Ole Lukøje". Klaas Vaak entertainer in Themepark Efteling E. T. A. Hoffmann (1776–1822) wrote a short story in 1816 titled Der Sandmann , which showed how sinister such a character could be made. According to the protagonist's nurse, he threw sand in the eyes of children who would not go to sleep, with the result of those eyes falling out and being collected by the Sandman, who then takes the eyes to his iron nest on the Moon and uses them to feed his children. The protagonist of the story grows to associate this nightmarish creature with the genuinely sinister figure of his father's associate, Coppelius. In Romanian folklore, there is a similar character, Moș Ene (Ene the Elder). Hoffmann's version of the sandman is also similar to the French Canadian character known as the Bonhomme Sept Heures (Goodman Seven O’Clock), who, in some versions, throws sand in children's eyes to blind them so that he may capture them. Contrarily to the sandman, his bag is the place where he traps children who do not go to bed. [ 2 ] Han...

### Source 2: Who Is the Sandman? | HowStuffWorks
**URL**: https://history.howstuffworks.com/history-vs-myth/who-is-sandman.htm
**Type**: general

Description: Is he a jolly little man in jammies or a monster carrying a sack of eyeballs? European legend says the Sandman is probably both. | Is he a jolly little man in jammies or a monster carrying a sack of eyeballs? European legend says the Sandman is probably both. Advertisement Who Is the Sandman? By: Jesslyn Shields | Updated: Jul 12, 2024 Share Content on Facebook Share Content on LinkedIn Share Content on Flipboard Share Content on Reddit Share Content via Email " " The Sandman as drawn by Vilhelm Pedersen for the fairy tale "Ole Lukøie" (Mr. Sandman) by Hans Christian Andersen, published in 1841. Wikimedia Commons Key Takeaways The Sandman is a mythical figure who sprinkles sleepy dust in children's eyes to help them sleep, originating from central and northern Europe centuries ago. The Sandman has a dark side, portrayed as a predatory monster in some stories, contrasting with the benevolent image in others like Hans Christian Andersen's "Ole Lukøie." The Sandman's origins are uncertain, due to the oral tradition, with stories serving as cautionary tales to lull children to sleep and possibly prepare them for life's hardships. You know when you wake up in the morning and you have all that crusty stuff in your eyes? That's called rheum, and it's just discharge that comes out of your eyes and dries up while you're asleep. But if you were a child living in central or northern Europe a couple centuries ago, grownups would probably tell you you woke up in the morning with crusty eyelashes because the Sandman had been to your bedside, sprinkling his magical sleepy dust in your eyes, spinning the yarns of your dreams. This may or may not have been cause for alarm. Have you ever tried to get a little kid to go to sleep? It can be one of the most aggravating experiences of your life because much of the time you're more tired than the child whose bedtime it is. What strategies work best for lulling kids into dreamland? Conventional wisdom says you should sing them...

### Source 3: Sandman - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandman
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Mythical character in European folklore who puts people to sleep "The Sandman" redirects here. For other uses, see Sandman (disambiguation) . The Sandman is a mythical character originating in Germanic and Scandinavian folklore . He visits children in the evening, sprinkles sleep-inducing sand into their eyes and brings dreams. In the morning, the sleep sand is rubbed from the corner of the eyes. Representation in traditional folklore [ edit ] The Sandman is a traditional character in many children's stories and books. In Scandinavian folklore , he is said to sprinkle sand or dust on or into the eyes of children at night to bring on sleep and dreams. [ 1 ] The grit or "sleep" ( rheum ) in one's eyes upon waking is the supposed result of the Sandman's work the previous night. Literature [ edit ] Vilhelm Pedersen representation for the fairy tale " Ole Lukøje " by Hans Christian Andersen Vilhelm Pedersen depiction of "Ole Lukøje". Klaas Vaak entertainer in Themepark Efteling E. T. A. Hoffmann (1776–1822) wrote a short story in 1816 titled Der Sandmann , which showed how sinister such a character could be made. According to the protagonist's nurse, he threw sand in the eyes of children who would not go to sleep, with the result of those eyes falling out and being collected by the Sandman, who then takes the eyes to his iron nest on the Moon and uses them to feed his children. The protagonist of the story grows to associate this nightmarish creature with the genuinely sinister figure of his father's associate, Coppelius. In Romanian folklore, there is a similar character, Moș Ene (Ene the Elder). Hoffmann's version of the sandman is also similar to the French Canadian character known as the Bonhomme Sept Heures (Goodman Seven O’Clock), who, in some versions, throws sand in children's eyes to blind them so that he may capture them. Contrarily to the sandman, his bag is the place where he traps children who do not go to bed. [ 2 ] Han...

