# Hercules - Myths and Legends

**Category**: Mythology

## Research Sources

### Source 1: Hearst Networks EMEA
**URL**: https://www.history.com/articles/hercules
**Type**: general

Description: At Hearst Networks EMEA, our vision is to be famous for sharing stories that matter; unique, trusted, entertaining, and everywhere. | Welcome to Hearst Networks EMEA is global broadcaster who reach audiences in over 100 countries, including the UK, Nordics, Benelux, Central & Eastern Europe, Spain, Italy and Germany, Africa, and the Middle East. Welcome At Hearst Networks EMEA, we share stories that matter. A global broadcaster since 1995, we reach audiences in over 100 countries, including the UK, Nordics, Benelux, Central & Eastern Europe, Spain, Italy, Germany, Africa and the Middle East. Our stories are global and local, linear and digital, and always compelling. Our culture Personalities shine at Hearst Networks EMEA. Our culture embraces individuals, in all their daring, passionate, ambitious glory. Our people are our strength, and our differences are celebrated. We challenge each other, collaborate and come together, just as a family does; winning as a team and celebrating as one too. Everyone has a voice and should feel proud and free to run with their ideas, enjoying their successes and journey with us. And in such an evolving industry, tomorrow is always today. We anticipate change, identify future opportunities and are excited by the potential that tomorrow brings. Our culture Our purpose We want to be famous for creating and sharing stories that matter – unique, trusted, entertaining, everywhere. Whether our stories challenge and inspire intellectually or simply entertain, we know that we are making a positive contribution to our audiences across the many diverse regions and countries in the UK, Europe, The Middle East and Africa. Striving to always do so requires passion. And it’s with just as much passion that we strive to gain new audiences with our creativity and by using innovative technology, by partnering with leading and emerging local platforms. Our purpose Partnerships With our diverse line-up of original, high-quality programming,...

### Source 2: Heracles - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heracles
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Divine hero in Greek mythology This article is about the Greek divine hero. For the similar figure in Roman mythology, see Hercules . "Herakles" redirects here. For other uses, see Herakles (disambiguation) and Heracles (disambiguation) . Heracles God of strength and heroes Divine protector of mankind and the patron of the gymnasium One of the most famous depictions of Heracles, Farnese Hercules , Roman marble statue on the basis of an original by Lysippos , 216 CE. National Archaeological Museum , Naples , Italy Abode Mount Olympus Symbol Club , lion skin Genealogy Born Thebes , Boeotia , Greece Died Mount Oeta , Phocis , Greece Parents Zeus and Alcmene Siblings maternal: Iphicles , Laonome ; paternal: Apollo , Artemis , Athena , Dionysus , Helen of Troy , Perseus and many others Consort Megara , Omphale , Deianira , Hebe Children Alexiares and Anicetus , Telephus , Hyllus , Tlepolemus Equivalents Canaanite Melqart [ 1 ] Roman Hercules Part of a series on Greek mythology Theseus slays the Minotaur under the gaze of Athena Deities Primordial Titans Olympians Nymphs Water Chthonic Heroes and heroism Heracles Labours Achilles Hector Diomedes Trojan War Odysseus Odyssey Jason Argonauts Golden Fleece Perseus Medusa Gorgon Oedipus Sphinx Orpheus Orphism Theseus Minotaur Bellerophon Pegasus Chimera Daedalus Labyrinth Atalanta Hippomenes Golden apple Cadmus Thebes Aeneas Aeneid Phaethon Triptolemus Eleusinian Mysteries Pelops Ancient Olympic Games Pirithous Centauromachy Amphitryon Teumessian fox Narcissus Meleager Calydonian boar hunt Otrera Amazons Related Satyrs Centaurs Dragons Ancient Greek religion List of Mycenaean deities Ancient Greece portal Myths portal v t e Part of a series on Ancient Greek religion Origins Mycenaean Greece , Mycenaean religion and Mycenaean deities Minoan civilization , Minoan religion Sacred places Sacred islands Delos Ithaca Naxos Kythira Samothrace Crete Lemnos Sacred mountains Mount Lykaion Mount Ida ...

### Source 3: Heracles - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heracles
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Divine hero in Greek mythology This article is about the Greek divine hero. For the similar figure in Roman mythology, see Hercules . "Herakles" redirects here. For other uses, see Herakles (disambiguation) and Heracles (disambiguation) . Heracles God of strength and heroes Divine protector of mankind and the patron of the gymnasium One of the most famous depictions of Heracles, Farnese Hercules , Roman marble statue on the basis of an original by Lysippos , 216 CE. National Archaeological Museum , Naples , Italy Abode Mount Olympus Symbol Club , lion skin Genealogy Born Thebes , Boeotia , Greece Died Mount Oeta , Phocis , Greece Parents Zeus and Alcmene Siblings maternal: Iphicles , Laonome ; paternal: Apollo , Artemis , Athena , Dionysus , Helen of Troy , Perseus and many others Consort Megara , Omphale , Deianira , Hebe Children Alexiares and Anicetus , Telephus , Hyllus , Tlepolemus Equivalents Canaanite Melqart [ 1 ] Roman Hercules Part of a series on Greek mythology Theseus slays the Minotaur under the gaze of Athena Deities Primordial Titans Olympians Nymphs Water Chthonic Heroes and heroism Heracles Labours Achilles Hector Diomedes Trojan War Odysseus Odyssey Jason Argonauts Golden Fleece Perseus Medusa Gorgon Oedipus Sphinx Orpheus Orphism Theseus Minotaur Bellerophon Pegasus Chimera Daedalus Labyrinth Atalanta Hippomenes Golden apple Cadmus Thebes Aeneas Aeneid Phaethon Triptolemus Eleusinian Mysteries Pelops Ancient Olympic Games Pirithous Centauromachy Amphitryon Teumessian fox Narcissus Meleager Calydonian boar hunt Otrera Amazons Related Satyrs Centaurs Dragons Ancient Greek religion List of Mycenaean deities Ancient Greece portal Myths portal v t e Part of a series on Ancient Greek religion Origins Mycenaean Greece , Mycenaean religion and Mycenaean deities Minoan civilization , Minoan religion Sacred places Sacred islands Delos Ithaca Naxos Kythira Samothrace Crete Lemnos Sacred mountains Mount Lykaion Mount Ida ...

