# Robin Hood - Biography

**Category**: Adventure
**Archetype**: justice; rebellion; community; archetype: folk hero

## Overview

Outlaw champion of fairness and redistribution.

## Research Sources

### Source 1: Robin Hood - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robin_Hood
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Heroic outlaw in English folklore For other uses, see Robin Hood (disambiguation) . 15th-century print of Robin Hood on horseback Robin Hood is a legendary heroic outlaw originally depicted in English folklore and subsequently featured in literature, theatre, and cinema. According to legend, he was a highly skilled archer and swordsman . [ 1 ] In some versions of the legend, he is depicted as being of noble birth, and in modern retellings he is sometimes depicted as having fought in the Crusades before returning to England to find his lands taken by the Sheriff of Nottingham . In the oldest known versions, he is instead a member of the yeoman class. He is traditionally depicted dressed in Lincoln green . Today, he is most closely associated with his stance of " robbing the rich to give to the poor ". Through retellings, additions, and variations, a body of familiar characters associated with Robin Hood has been created. These include his lover, Maid Marian ; his band of outlaws, the Merry Men ; and his chief opponent, the Sheriff of Nottingham. The Sheriff is often depicted as assisting Prince John in usurping the rightful but absent King Richard , to whom Robin Hood remains loyal. He became a popular folk figure in the Late Middle Ages , and his partisanship of the common people and opposition to the Sheriff are some of the earliest-recorded features of the legend, whereas his political interests and setting during the Angevin era developed in later centuries. The earliest known ballads featuring him are from the 15th century. There have been numerous variations and adaptations of the story over the subsequent years, and the story continues to be widely represented in literature, film, and television media today. Robin Hood is considered one of the best-known tales of English folklore. In popular culture, the term "Robin Hood" is often used to describe a heroic outlaw or rebel against tyranny. The origins of the legend as well ...

### Source 2: Hearst Networks EMEA
**URL**: https://www.history.com/articles/robin-hood
**Type**: general

Description: At Hearst Networks EMEA, our vision is to be famous for sharing stories that matter; unique, trusted, entertaining, and everywhere. | Welcome to Hearst Networks EMEA is global broadcaster who reach audiences in over 100 countries, including the UK, Nordics, Benelux, Central & Eastern Europe, Spain, Italy and Germany, Africa, and the Middle East. Welcome At Hearst Networks EMEA, we share stories that matter. A global broadcaster since 1995, we reach audiences in over 100 countries, including the UK, Nordics, Benelux, Central & Eastern Europe, Spain, Italy, Germany, Africa and the Middle East. Our stories are global and local, linear and digital, and always compelling. Our culture Personalities shine at Hearst Networks EMEA. Our culture embraces individuals, in all their daring, passionate, ambitious glory. Our people are our strength, and our differences are celebrated. We challenge each other, collaborate and come together, just as a family does; winning as a team and celebrating as one too. Everyone has a voice and should feel proud and free to run with their ideas, enjoying their successes and journey with us. And in such an evolving industry, tomorrow is always today. We anticipate change, identify future opportunities and are excited by the potential that tomorrow brings. Our culture Our purpose We want to be famous for creating and sharing stories that matter – unique, trusted, entertaining, everywhere. Whether our stories challenge and inspire intellectually or simply entertain, we know that we are making a positive contribution to our audiences across the many diverse regions and countries in the UK, Europe, The Middle East and Africa. Striving to always do so requires passion. And it’s with just as much passion that we strive to gain new audiences with our creativity and by using innovative technology, by partnering with leading and emerging local platforms. Our purpose Partnerships With our diverse line-up of original, high-quality programming,...

### Source 3: Robin Hood - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robin_Hood
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Heroic outlaw in English folklore For other uses, see Robin Hood (disambiguation) . 15th-century print of Robin Hood on horseback Robin Hood is a legendary heroic outlaw originally depicted in English folklore and subsequently featured in literature, theatre, and cinema. According to legend, he was a highly skilled archer and swordsman . [ 1 ] In some versions of the legend, he is depicted as being of noble birth, and in modern retellings he is sometimes depicted as having fought in the Crusades before returning to England to find his lands taken by the Sheriff of Nottingham . In the oldest known versions, he is instead a member of the yeoman class. He is traditionally depicted dressed in Lincoln green . Today, he is most closely associated with his stance of " robbing the rich to give to the poor ". Through retellings, additions, and variations, a body of familiar characters associated with Robin Hood has been created. These include his lover, Maid Marian ; his band of outlaws, the Merry Men ; and his chief opponent, the Sheriff of Nottingham. The Sheriff is often depicted as assisting Prince John in usurping the rightful but absent King Richard , to whom Robin Hood remains loyal. He became a popular folk figure in the Late Middle Ages , and his partisanship of the common people and opposition to the Sheriff are some of the earliest-recorded features of the legend, whereas his political interests and setting during the Angevin era developed in later centuries. The earliest known ballads featuring him are from the 15th century. There have been numerous variations and adaptations of the story over the subsequent years, and the story continues to be widely represented in literature, film, and television media today. Robin Hood is considered one of the best-known tales of English folklore. In popular culture, the term "Robin Hood" is often used to describe a heroic outlaw or rebel against tyranny. The origins of the legend as well ...

