# Robin Hood - Personality and Character

**Category**: Adventure
**Metadata**: justice; rebellion; community; archetype: folk hero

## Character Overview

Outlaw champion of fairness and redistribution.

## Research Sources

### Source 1: Robin Hood - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robin_Hood
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Heroic outlaw in English folklore For other uses, see Robin Hood (disambiguation) . 15th-century print of Robin Hood on horseback Robin Hood is a legendary heroic outlaw originally depicted in English folklore and subsequently featured in literature, theatre, and cinema. According to legend, he was a highly skilled archer and swordsman . [ 1 ] In some versions of the legend, he is depicted as being of noble birth, and in modern retellings he is sometimes depicted as having fought in the Crusades before returning to England to find his lands taken by the Sheriff of Nottingham . In the oldest known versions, he is instead a member of the yeoman class. He is traditionally depicted dressed in Lincoln green . Today, he is most closely associated with his stance of " robbing the rich to give to the poor ". Through retellings, additions, and variations, a body of familiar characters associated with Robin Hood has been created. These include his lover, Maid Marian ; his band of outlaws, the Merry Men ; and his chief opponent, the Sheriff of Nottingham. The Sheriff is often depicted as assisting Prince John in usurping the rightful but absent King Richard , to whom Robin Hood remains loyal. He became a popular folk figure in the Late Middle Ages , and his partisanship of the common people and opposition to the Sheriff are some of the earliest-recorded features of the legend, whereas his political interests and setting during the Angevin era developed in later centuries. The earliest known ballads featuring him are from the 15th century. There have been numerous variations and adaptations of the story over the subsequent years, and the story continues to be widely represented in literature, film, and television media today. Robin Hood is considered one of the best-known tales of English folklore. In popular culture, the term "Robin Hood" is often used to describe a heroic outlaw or rebel against tyranny. The origins of the legend as well ...

### Source 2: Robin Hood | Disney Wiki | Fandom
**URL**: https://disney.fandom.com/wiki/Robin_Hood_(character)
**Type**: general

Description: Robin Hood is an anthropomorphic fox and the titular protagonist of Disney's 1973 animated feature film of the same name. Although Robin Hood is often shown as an outlaw, who chooses to rob from the rich to help the poor people, in this animated version, he is shown mainly attacking Prince John and his agents, who have impoverished Nottingham with high taxes. Robin Hood and Little John steal the tax caravans and give it back to the peasants while trying to avoid capture by both Prince John... | Robin Hood is an anthropomorphic fox and the titular protagonist of Disney's 1973 animated feature film of the same name. Although Robin Hood is often shown as an outlaw, who chooses to rob from the rich to help the poor people, in this animated version, he is shown mainly attacking Prince John... | Robin Hood is an anthropomorphic fox and the titular protagonist of Disney's 1973 animated feature film of the same name. Although Robin Hood is often shown as an outlaw, who chooses to rob from... in: Characters , Heroes , Disney characters , and 28 more Robin Hood characters Foxes Characters in Disney parks Males Lovers Thieves Archers Dancers Fantasmic! characters House of Mouse characters English characters Anthropomorphic characters Spell Cards characters Disney Universe suits Protagonists Swordsmen Animated characters Disney Infinity characters Spouses Nobility Royalty Characters in the Disney animated features canon Characters in video games Disney Heroes: Battle Mode characters Disney Sorcerer's Arena characters Adults Disney Magic Kingdoms characters Disney Emoji Blitz English Español Français 日本語 Polski Português do Brasil Robin Hood Sign in to edit History Purge Talk (0) “ Oh, Friar Tuck . It appears that I now have an outlaw for an in-law. ” ― King Richard , talking with Friar Tuck about Robin Hood Robin Hood is an anthropomorphic fox and the titular protagonist of Disney 's 1973 animated feature film of the same name . Although Robin Hood is often shown a...

### Source 3: Robin Hood - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robin_Hood
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Heroic outlaw in English folklore For other uses, see Robin Hood (disambiguation) . 15th-century print of Robin Hood on horseback Robin Hood is a legendary heroic outlaw originally depicted in English folklore and subsequently featured in literature, theatre, and cinema. According to legend, he was a highly skilled archer and swordsman . [ 1 ] In some versions of the legend, he is depicted as being of noble birth, and in modern retellings he is sometimes depicted as having fought in the Crusades before returning to England to find his lands taken by the Sheriff of Nottingham . In the oldest known versions, he is instead a member of the yeoman class. He is traditionally depicted dressed in Lincoln green . Today, he is most closely associated with his stance of " robbing the rich to give to the poor ". Through retellings, additions, and variations, a body of familiar characters associated with Robin Hood has been created. These include his lover, Maid Marian ; his band of outlaws, the Merry Men ; and his chief opponent, the Sheriff of Nottingham. The Sheriff is often depicted as assisting Prince John in usurping the rightful but absent King Richard , to whom Robin Hood remains loyal. He became a popular folk figure in the Late Middle Ages , and his partisanship of the common people and opposition to the Sheriff are some of the earliest-recorded features of the legend, whereas his political interests and setting during the Angevin era developed in later centuries. The earliest known ballads featuring him are from the 15th century. There have been numerous variations and adaptations of the story over the subsequent years, and the story continues to be widely represented in literature, film, and television media today. Robin Hood is considered one of the best-known tales of English folklore. In popular culture, the term "Robin Hood" is often used to describe a heroic outlaw or rebel against tyranny. The origins of the legend as well ...

