# Robin Hood - Adventures and Quests

**Category**: Adventure

## Research Sources

### Source 1: The Adventures of Robin Hood - Wikipedia
**URL**: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Adventures_of_Robin_Hood
**Type**: encyclopedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 1938 film by Michael Curtiz and William Keighley This article is about the 1938 film. For other uses, see The Adventures of Robin Hood (disambiguation) . The Adventures of Robin Hood Theatrical release poster, by Alex Raymond Directed by Michael Curtiz William Keighley Screenplay by Norman Reilly Raine Seton I. Miller Produced by Hal B. Wallis Henry Blanke Starring Errol Flynn Olivia de Havilland Basil Rathbone Claude Rains Cinematography Tony Gaudio Sol Polito W. Howard Greene Edited by Ralph Dawson Music by Erich Wolfgang Korngold Color process Technicolor Production company Warner Bros. Pictures Distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures Release date May 14, 1938 ( 1938-05-14 ) (New York City) [ 1 ] Running time 102 minutes Country United States Language English Budget $2,033,000 [ 2 ] [ 3 ] Box office $3,981,000 [ 2 ] [ 3 ] The Adventures of Robin Hood is a 1938 American epic swashbuckler film from Warner Bros. Pictures . It was produced by Hal B. Wallis and Henry Blanke , directed by Michael Curtiz and William Keighley , and written by Norman Reilly Raine and Seton I. Miller . It stars Errol Flynn as the legendary Saxon knight Robin Hood , who in Richard I 's absence in the Holy Land during the Crusades , fights back as the outlaw leader of a rebel guerrilla band against Prince John and the Norman lords oppressing the Saxon commoners. The cast also includes Olivia de Havilland , Basil Rathbone , Claude Rains , Patric Knowles , Eugene Pallette , and Alan Hale . Upon its premiere on May 14, 1938, The Adventures of Robin Hood was very well received by critics. The film was a commercial success; it grossed around $4 million at the box office, making it one of the highest grossers of 1938 . At the 11th Academy Awards , it received four nominations, winning three— Best Art Direction ( Carl Jules Weyl ), Best Film Editing ( Ralph Dawson ) and Best Original Score ( Erich Wolfgang Korngold ). In 1995, The Adventures of Robin Hood was deem...

### Source 2: The Adventures of Robin Hood (1938) - IMDb
**URL**: https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0029843
**Type**: general

Description: 1h 42m | PG | The Adventures of Robin Hood: Directed by Michael Curtiz, William Keighley. With Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, Basil Rathbone, Claude Rains. When Prince John and the Norman Lords begin oppressing the Saxon masses in King Richard's absence in 1190s England, a Saxon lord fights back as the outlaw leader of a resistance movement. | When Prince John and the Norman Lords begin oppressing the Saxon masses in King Richard&apos;s absence in 1190s England, a Saxon lord fights back as the outlaw leader of a resistance movement. Cast & crew User reviews Trivia FAQ IMDbPro All topics The Adventures of Robin Hood 1938 PG 1h 42m IMDb RATING 7.9 / 10 57K YOUR RATING Rate Play trailer 1:48 1 Video 99+ Photos Swashbuckler Action Adventure Romance When Prince John and the Norman Lords begin oppressing the Saxon masses in King Richard's absence in 1190s England, a Saxon lord fights back as the outlaw leader of a resistance movement. When Prince John and the Norman Lords begin oppressing the Saxon masses in King Richard's absence in 1190s England, a Saxon lord fights back as the outlaw leader of a resistance movement. When Prince John and the Norman Lords begin oppressing the Saxon masses in King Richard's absence in 1190s England, a Saxon lord fights back as the outlaw leader of a resistance movement. Directors Michael Curtiz William Keighley Writers Norman Reilly Raine Seton I. Miller Rowland Leigh Stars Errol Flynn Olivia de Havilland Basil Rathbone See production info at IMDbPro IMDb RATING 7.9 / 10 57K YOUR RATING Rate Directors Michael Curtiz William Keighley Writers Norman Reilly Raine Seton I. Miller Rowland Leigh Stars Errol Flynn Olivia de Havilland Basil Rathbone Add to Watchlist Added by 32.0K users 346 User reviews 94 Critic reviews 97 Metascore See production info at IMDbPro Won 3 Oscars 11 wins & 2 nominations total Videos 1 Trailer 1:48 The Adventures of Robin Hood Photos 104 Add photo + 97 Top Cast 90 Edit Errol Flynn Robin Hood Olivia de...

### Source 3: Robin's Quest: A Legend Born Walkthrough
**URL**: https://www.bigfishgames.com/blog/walkthroughs/robins-quest.html
**Type**: blog

Welcome to the Robin’s Quest: A Legend Born Walkthrough! Rob from the rich and give to the poor! When an evil ruler taxes his people to near starvation, it’s up to Robin to save the day! Whether you use this document as a reference when things get difficult or as a road map to get you from beginning to end, we’re pretty sure you’ll find what you’re looking for here. This document contains a complete Robin’s Quest: A Legend Born game walkthrough featuring annotated screenshots from actual gameplay! We hope you find this information useful as you play your way through the game. Use the walkthrough menu below to quickly jump to whatever stage of the game you need help with. Remember to visit the Big Fish Games Forums if you find you need more help. Have fun! This walkthrough was created by Robin , and is protected under US Copyright laws. Any unauthorized use, including re-publication in whole or in part, without permission, is strictly prohibited. Walkthrough Menu General Tips Chapter 1: Rebel Chapter 2: Sherwood Forest Chapter 3: Town Center Notice Board Chapter 4: Back Alley Gate (Baker’s Quest) Chapter 5: The Fields Chapter 6: Open the Bell Tower (Priest’s Quest) Chapter 7: The Bishop’s Treasure Chapter 8: Time Out for Gold Chapter 9: Start the Market Quest Chapter 10: To the Docks Chapter 11: The Ship Chapter 12: Build a House (Marley Quest) Chapter 13: Sawmill Chapter 14: Start Robin’s Quest Chapter 15: The Jail Chapter 16: The Castle Location of all Pardon Pieces How to Acquire the Special Abilities General Tips This is a Hidden Object Adventure game. In addition to the items on the Find List, you must find Key Items that go into your Inventory Tray so they can be used later. There is no timer. Use the MENU tab in the lower left to return to the Main Menu. The game autosaves automatically. Most locations have a main scene and 1 or more additional zoom scenes. The zoom scenes will sparkle and your cursor will change to a twirling magnifying glass in that area. Wh...

