# Aladdin - Adventures and Quests

**Category**: Adventure

## Research Sources

### Source 1: Adventures of Aladdin (2019) - IMDb
**URL**: https://www.imdb.com/title/tt9783778/
**Type**: general

Description: 1h 27m | TV-13 | Adventures of Aladdin: Directed by Glenn Campbell. With Adam Hollick, Daniel O'Reilly, Lucia Dimitra Xypteras, Monroe Robertson. With the help of a magical lamp, an impoverished young man transforms himself into a prince in order to win the heart of a beautiful princess. | With the help of a magical lamp, an impoverished young man transforms himself into a prince in order to win the heart of a beautiful princess. Cast & crew User reviews FAQ IMDbPro All topics Adventures of Aladdin 2019 TV-13 1h 27m IMDb RATING 2.0 / 10 1.3K YOUR RATING Rate Play trailer 1:14 1 Video 33 Photos Fairy Tale Adventure Family Fantasy With the help of a magical lamp, an impoverished young man transforms himself into a prince in order to win the heart of a beautiful princess. With the help of a magical lamp, an impoverished young man transforms himself into a prince in order to win the heart of a beautiful princess. With the help of a magical lamp, an impoverished young man transforms himself into a prince in order to win the heart of a beautiful princess. Director Glenn Campbell Writers Glenn Campbell Tammy Klein Stars Adam Hollick Daniel O'Reilly Lucia Dimitra Xypteras See production info at IMDbPro IMDb RATING 2.0 / 10 1.3K YOUR RATING Rate Director Glenn Campbell Writers Glenn Campbell Tammy Klein Stars Adam Hollick Daniel O'Reilly Lucia Dimitra Xypteras Add to Watchlist 63 User reviews 2 Critic reviews See production info at IMDbPro Videos 1 Trailer 1:14 Official Trailer Photos 33 Add photo + 26 Top Cast 34 Edit Adam Hollick Aladdin Daniel O'Reilly Vizier Maghreb Lucia Dimitra Xypteras Shahzadi (as Lucia Xypteras) Monroe Robertson Zamir Naya Mousa Naveena (as Naya Abou Mousa) Havon Baraka Dariush Manny Zaldivar Samad Lord KraVen Genie Joe Roche Thief Sharieff Walters Rohan Americus Abesamis Rich Man Mark Sawicki Sultan Karim Mark Pirro Harkim Michael Gaglio Habib (as Mike Gaglio) Tammy Klein Servant Lana Yurash Palace Servant Obteen Motamen Palace Servant...

### Source 2: Adventures of Aladdin streaming: where to watch online?
**URL**: https://www.justwatch.com/us/movie/adventures-of-aladdin
**Type**: general

Description: Watch "Adventures of Aladdin" · Full movie online for free · Check all streaming services such as Netflix, Prime Video & Disney+ – including 4K options! | With the help of a magical lamp, an impoverished young man transforms himself into a prince in order to win the heart of a beautiful princess. A live-action retelling of the 1992 Disney film of the same name. Adventures of Aladdin streaming: where to watch online? Currently you are able to watch "Adventures of Aladdin" streaming on fuboTV or for free with ads on Pluto TV. It is also possible to rent "Adventures of Aladdin" on Amazon Video, Apple TV, Fandango At Home online and to download it on Amazon Video, Apple TV, Fandango At Home. Besides streaming, you can also buy the movie on DVD from Amazon DVD / Blu-ray and watch it anytime. You can also stream the title for free on Hoopla, Plex, Plex Player, Plex Channel, Fawesome....

### Source 3: Aladdin Quests - Disney Dreamlight Valley Guide - IGN
**URL**: https://www.ign.com/wikis/disney-dreamlight-valley/Aladdin_Quests
**Type**: general

Description: The clever street rat turned prince, Aladdin joins Dreamlight Valley alongside his love Jasmine as part of the &quot;Tales of Agrabah&quot; update. He brings Task Search Checklists Guides Markers Videos Sort and Filter No Results Checklists New Checklist All Lists My Checklists All Quests Critters Fish Flowers Gems Recipes Ingredients Characters Old Ruler's Lost Diaries Dreamlight Duties Gaston's Journal Pages Crafting Materials Rapunzel's Lyrics Eternity Isle Duties Special Events Timebending Furniture Wishblossom Ranch Quests Quests Critters Critters Fish Fish Flowers Flowers Gems Gems Recipes 1 Star Recipes Recipes 2 Star Recipes Recipes 3 Star Recipes Recipes 4 Star Recipes Recipes 5 Star Recipes Ingredients Ingredients Characters Characters Old Ruler's Lost Diaries Old Ruler's Lost Diaries Dreamlight Duties Foraging Tasks Dreamlight Duties Gardening Tasks Dreamlight Duties Fishing Tasks Dreamlight Duties Cooking Tasks Dreamlight Duties Collection Tasks Dreamlight Duties Friendship Tasks Dreamlight Duties Village Tasks Dreamlight Duties Mining Tasks Gaston's Journal Pages Gaston's Journal Pages Crafting Materials Crafting Materials Rapunzel's Lyrics Rapunzel's Lyrics Eternity Isle Duties Eternity Isle Duties Special Events Memory Mania Event Timebending Furniture Timebending Quests Lovely Monsters Star Path Quests Monsters Inc. Sticky Notes and Keycard Parts Quests Scramblecoin Figurine Pieces Wishblossom Ranch Horse Upgrades Wishblossom Ranch Horse Level Up Rewards All Lists My Checklists How creative can you get with your first free checklist? Create a free account All Interactive Maps and Locations Aladdin Quests By Angie Harvey , Katelyn M. Jewett , Veerender Singh Jubbal , +20 more updated Apr 3, 2025 The clever street rat turned prince, Aladdin joins Dreamlight Valley alongside his love Jasmine as part of the "Tales of Agrabah" update . He brings with him new stealth-based gameplay, a Magic Carpet of your very own, and a new Gem Stall that sel...

